Favor decomposition and avoid matrix construction for large operations (#3193)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* New `null.qubit` device. The `null.qubit`performs no operations or memory allocations.
  [(#2589)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2589)

> * Favor decomposition and avoid matrix construction for large operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `default.qubit` favours decomposition and avoids matrix construction for `QFT` and `GroverOperator` at larger qubit numbers.
```

Author: Makes sense. Thank you for that!
